Cucumber :

Cucumber supports BDD(Behaviour Driven Development).
Uses Language called Gherkin Plain English language

Cucumber reads code written in plain english texy in feature files
It finds exact macth of each step in stepDefinition

Gherkin Keywords -- Feature,Scenario,Given,When,Then,And,But,BackGround,ScenarioOutline

Example : Feature: Account Holder withdraws cash

  Scenario: Account has sufficient funds
   Given the account balance is $100
     And the card is valid
     And the machine contains enough money  
    When the Account Holder requests $20
    Then the ATM should dispense $20
     And the account balance should be $80
     And the card should be returned


Feature is a Functionality of the project.
Feature File is that in which cucumber tests are written.
it is advisable there should be separate feature file for each feature under test.
  Scenario is one of the core gherkin structure
Every sceanrio starst with scenario keyword and followed by optional scenario title.
scenario outline is similar to scenario structuure providing multiple inputs 
 
Given - it describes the pre-requisite for test to be excuted
        ex- given i am a facebook user
When -  it defines trigger point for any test scenario execution
        ex- when i enter username
then- then holds the expected results for test to be excuted
        ex-THEN login should be sucessfull
AND - provides logical and condition betweeen two conditions like when given then 
        ex- when i enter user name and i enter password
BUT- it signifies logical OR condition between any two statements or can be used with given when then
      ex-THEN login should be successful. BUT home page should not be missing.
scneario outline basically replaces variables/keywords with the value from table
  Cucumber Options tag is used to provide a link between the feature files and step definition files. Each step of the feature file is mapped to a corresponding method on the step definition file
Test runner class is used to provide link between feature file and step definition file.
Test Runner class is empty class with no class definition.
Starting point of execution is testRunner class.

No code should written in test runner class it should include the tags @RunWith and @Cucumber Options.
The maximum number of steps is 3 to 4 in scenario. 
